README.md, before:

﻿# Creating Games with Python and Pygame

Requirements
pygame

## What does Pygame do?
https://www.pygame.org/docs/

Draw images and play sounds
Get user inputs
Get and Set positions
Get time, collisions, transform images, color etc
<strong> Easy to learn </strong>

Con:
Has a limited toolset like Godot or Unity

### Pygame vs Pygame-ce (Community Edition)
Pygame-ce is better because it has :
More features
Bigger Community
Gets Updated
Runs better
Fully compatible with pygame

Install pygame-ce
```bash
pip install pygame-ce
```
<italic>ni = npm install</italic>

## Display Surface
The canvas that everything will be drawn on, you can only have one at a time.

## Event Loop
Checks Events - (Click, keyboard, controller input, timers) , keys to start or close game

## Display Surface vs Surface
### Display Surface
Definition: The display surface represents the main window or screen where everything in your game is drawn and displayed to the user.
Purpose: It acts as the "canvas" that the user sees on their screen.
Created Using: pygame.display.set_mode()
Characteristics:
It's the only surface that is actually displayed on the screen.
You cannot create multiple display surfaces—there can only be one.
After drawing or blitting (copying) content to the display surface, you need to call pygame.display.update() or pygame.display.flip() to render it on the screen.
Example of display surface:
```bash
display_surface = pygame.display.set_mode((800, 600))  # Creates the main window
```
### General Surface
Definition: A general surface is an off-screen image or canvas that can hold graphical content (e.g., images, shapes, or text).

Purpose: These surfaces are used as intermediate steps for creating or manipulating graphics before drawing them onto the display surface.

Created Using: pygame.Surface()

Characteristics:

You can create multiple general surfaces.
These surfaces are not directly visible to the user.
They are used for tasks like storing images, rendering temporary graphics, or performing off-screen drawing (e.g., creating a "background" or a "sprite").
Once a general surface is ready, you can copy it onto the display surface using blit.
Example of a general surface:
```bash
my_surface = pygame.Surface((200, 200))  # Create a surface of size 200x200
my_surface.fill((255, 0, 0))  # Fill the surface with red color
```

Commit message:

Feat: Add surface to screen and add explanation

README.md, after:

﻿# Creating Games with Python and Pygame

Requirements
pygame

## What does Pygame do?
https://www.pygame.org/docs/

Draw images and play sounds
Get user inputs
Get and Set positions
Get time, collisions, transform images, color etc
<strong> Easy to learn </strong>

Con:
Has a limited toolset like Godot or Unity

### Pygame vs Pygame-ce (Community Edition)
Pygame-ce is better because it has :
More features
Bigger Community
Gets Updated
Runs better
Fully compatible with pygame

Install pygame-ce
```bash
pip install pygame-ce
```
<italic>ni = npm install</italic>

## Display Surface
The canvas that everything will be drawn on, you can only have one at a time.

## Event Loop
Checks Events - (Click, keyboard, controller input, timers) , keys to start or close game

## Display Surface vs Surface
### Display Surface
Definition: The display surface represents the main window or screen where everything in your game is drawn and displayed to the user.
Purpose: It acts as the "canvas" that the user sees on their screen.
Created Using: pygame.display.set_mode()
Characteristics:
It's the only surface that is actually displayed on the screen.
You cannot create multiple display surfaces—there can only be one.
After drawing or blitting (copying) content to the display surface, you need to call pygame.display.update() or pygame.display.flip() to render it on the screen.
Example of display surface:
```bash
display_surface = pygame.display.set_mode((800, 600))  # Creates the main window
```
### General Surface
Definition: A general surface is an off-screen image or canvas that can hold graphical content (e.g., images, shapes, or text).

Purpose: These surfaces are used as intermediate steps for creating or manipulating graphics before drawing them onto the display surface.

Created Using: pygame.Surface()

Characteristics:

You can create multiple general surfaces.
These surfaces are not directly visible to the user.
They are used for tasks like storing images, rendering temporary graphics, or performing off-screen drawing (e.g., creating a "background" or a "sprite").
Once a general surface is ready, you can copy it onto the display surface using blit.
Example of a general surface:
```bash
my_surface = pygame.Surface((200, 200))  # Create a surface of size 200x200
my_surface.fill((255, 0, 0))  # Fill the surface with red color
```

## Adding a Surface to a Display Surface
The surface was created using pygame.Surface((100, 200)), representing an off-screen canvas of 100x200 pixels. This surface was added to the display_surface (the main screen) using the blit method: display_surface.blit(surface_variable, (100, 150)). The blit function places the surface at coordinates (100, 150) on the display_surface, making it visible when pygame.display.update() is called.
